Make User.remove() and User.removeAsync() public again (#7538)
realm/realm-java: CHANGELOG.md

## 10.8.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)

### Enhancements

> * [RealmApp] Added `User.remove()` and `User.removeAsync()` that makes it possible to deletes a users Realm(s) from the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [RealmApp] Added `User.remove()` and `User.removeAsync()` that makes it possible to delete a user's Realm(s) from the device.
```

### Fixed

> * [RealmApp] Clarified Javadoc for `User.logOut()` and `User.logOutAsync()` as these methods do not delete a Users Realm(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [RealmApp] Clarified Javadoc for `User.logOut()` and `User.logOutAsync()` as these methods do not delete a user's Realm(s).
```
